it happened after this that the people
it happened after this that the people of Moab with the people of Amman and
of Moab with the people of Amman and
of Moab with the people of Amman and others with them besides the ammonites
others with them besides the ammonites
others with them besides the ammonites came to battle against Jehoshaphat then
came to battle against Jehoshaphat then
came to battle against Jehoshaphat then some came and told you her she fought a
some came and told you her she fought a
some came and told you her she fought a great multitude is coming against you
great multitude is coming against you
great multitude is coming against you from beyond the sea from Syria and they
from beyond the sea from Syria and they
from beyond the sea from Syria and they are in Hess's antemer which is Engedi
are in Hess's antemer which is Engedi
are in Hess's antemer which is Engedi and Jehoshaphat feared and set himself
and Jehoshaphat feared and set himself
and Jehoshaphat feared and set himself to seek the Lord and proclaimed a fast
to seek the Lord and proclaimed a fast
to seek the Lord and proclaimed a fast throughout all Judah
throughout all Judah
throughout all Judah so Judah gathered together to ask help
so Judah gathered together to ask help
so Judah gathered together to ask help from the Lord and from all the cities of
from the Lord and from all the cities of
from the Lord and from all the cities of Judah they came to seek the law when
Judah they came to seek the law when
Judah they came to seek the law when Jehoshaphat stood in the Assembly of
Jehoshaphat stood in the Assembly of
Jehoshaphat stood in the Assembly of Judah and Jerusalem in the house of the
Judah and Jerusalem in the house of the
Judah and Jerusalem in the house of the Lord before the new court Oh Lord God of
Lord before the new court Oh Lord God of
Lord before the new court Oh Lord God of our fathers are you not God in heaven
our fathers are you not God in heaven
our fathers are you not God in heaven and do you not rule over all the
and do you not rule over all the
and do you not rule over all the kingdoms of the nations and in your hand
kingdoms of the nations and in your hand
kingdoms of the nations and in your hand is there not power and might so that no
is there not power and might so that no
is there not power and might so that no one is able to withstand you are you not
one is able to withstand you are you not
one is able to withstand you are you not our God who drove out the inhabitants of
our God who drove out the inhabitants of
our God who drove out the inhabitants of this land before your people Israel and
this land before your people Israel and
this land before your people Israel and gave it to the descendants of Abraham
gave it to the descendants of Abraham
gave it to the descendants of Abraham your friend forever and they dwell in it
your friend forever and they dwell in it
your friend forever and they dwell in it and have built you a sanctuary in it for
and have built you a sanctuary in it for
and have built you a sanctuary in it for your name saying if disaster comes upon
your name saying if disaster comes upon
your name saying if disaster comes upon us sword judgment pestilence or famine
us sword judgment pestilence or famine
us sword judgment pestilence or famine we will stand before this temple and in
we will stand before this temple and in
we will stand before this temple and in your presence for your name is in this
your presence for your name is in this
your presence for your name is in this temple and cry out to you in our
temple and cry out to you in our
temple and cry out to you in our affliction and you will hear and save
affliction and you will hear and save
affliction and you will hear and save and now here are the people of Ammon
and now here are the people of Ammon
and now here are the people of Ammon Moab and Mount Seir whom you would not
Moab and Mount Seir whom you would not
Moab and Mount Seir whom you would not let Israel invade when they came out of
let Israel invade when they came out of
let Israel invade when they came out of the land of Egypt but they turned from
the land of Egypt but they turned from
the land of Egypt but they turned from them and did not destroy them
them and did not destroy them
them and did not destroy them there they are rewarding us by coming to
there they are rewarding us by coming to
there they are rewarding us by coming to throw us out of your possession which
throw us out of your possession which
throw us out of your possession which you have given us to inherit our God
you have given us to inherit our God
you have given us to inherit our God will you not judge them for we have no
will you not judge them for we have no
will you not judge them for we have no power against this great multitude that
power against this great multitude that
power against this great multitude that is coming against us nor do we know what
is coming against us nor do we know what
is coming against us nor do we know what to do but our eyes are upon you
to do but our eyes are upon you
to do but our eyes are upon you now all Judah with their little ones
now all Judah with their little ones
now all Judah with their little ones their wives and their children stood
their wives and their children stood
their wives and their children stood before the Lord then the Spirit of the
before the Lord then the Spirit of the
before the Lord then the Spirit of the Lord came upon jahaziel the son of
Lord came upon jahaziel the son of
Lord came upon jahaziel the son of Zechariah the son of benaiah the son of
Zechariah the son of benaiah the son of
Zechariah the son of benaiah the son of giro the son of mattaniah
giro the son of mattaniah
giro the son of mattaniah a Levite of the sons of Asaph in the
a Levite of the sons of Asaph in the
a Levite of the sons of Asaph in the midst of the assembly listen all you of
midst of the assembly listen all you of
midst of the assembly listen all you of Judah and you inhabitants of Jerusalem
Judah and you inhabitants of Jerusalem
Judah and you inhabitants of Jerusalem and you King Jehoshaphat thus says the
and you King Jehoshaphat thus says the
and you King Jehoshaphat thus says the Lord to you do not be afraid nor
Lord to you do not be afraid nor
Lord to you do not be afraid nor dismayed because of this great multitude
dismayed because of this great multitude
dismayed because of this great multitude for the battle is not yours but gods
for the battle is not yours but gods
for the battle is not yours but gods tomorrow go down against them
tomorrow go down against them
tomorrow go down against them they will surely come up by the ascent
they will surely come up by the ascent
they will surely come up by the ascent of ziz and you will find them at the end
of ziz and you will find them at the end
of ziz and you will find them at the end of the brook before the wilderness of
of the brook before the wilderness of
of the brook before the wilderness of Giroux you will not need to fight in
Giroux you will not need to fight in
Giroux you will not need to fight in this battle position yourselves stand
this battle position yourselves stand
this battle position yourselves stand still and see the salvation of the Lord
still and see the salvation of the Lord
still and see the salvation of the Lord who is with you o Judah and Jerusalem do
who is with you o Judah and Jerusalem do
who is with you o Judah and Jerusalem do not fear or be dismayed tomorrow go out
not fear or be dismayed tomorrow go out
not fear or be dismayed tomorrow go out against them for the Lord is with you
against them for the Lord is with you
against them for the Lord is with you and Jehoshaphat bowed his head with his
and Jehoshaphat bowed his head with his
and Jehoshaphat bowed his head with his face to the ground and all Judah and the
face to the ground and all Judah and the
face to the ground and all Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem bowed before
inhabitants of Jerusalem bowed before
inhabitants of Jerusalem bowed before the Lord worshiping the Lord and the
the Lord worshiping the Lord and the
the Lord worshiping the Lord and the Levites of the children of the
Levites of the children of the
Levites of the children of the kohathites and of the children of the
kohathites and of the children of the
kohathites and of the children of the kora Heights stood up to praise the Lord
kora Heights stood up to praise the Lord
kora Heights stood up to praise the Lord God of Israel with voices loud and high
God of Israel with voices loud and high
God of Israel with voices loud and high so they rose early in the morning and
so they rose early in the morning and
so they rose early in the morning and went out into the wilderness of takua
went out into the wilderness of takua
went out into the wilderness of takua and as they went out Jehoshaphat stood
and as they went out Jehoshaphat stood
and as they went out Jehoshaphat stood and said hear me
and said hear me
and said hear me o Judah and you inhabitants of Jerusalem
o Judah and you inhabitants of Jerusalem
o Judah and you inhabitants of Jerusalem believe in the Lord your God and you
believe in the Lord your God and you
believe in the Lord your God and you shall be established believe his
shall be established believe his
shall be established believe his prophets and you shall prosper and when
prophets and you shall prosper and when
prophets and you shall prosper and when he had consulted with the people he
he had consulted with the people he
he had consulted with the people he appointed those who should sing to the
appointed those who should sing to the
appointed those who should sing to the Lord and who should praise the beauty of
Lord and who should praise the beauty of
Lord and who should praise the beauty of holiness as they went out before the
holiness as they went out before the
holiness as they went out before the army praise the Lord for His mercy
army praise the Lord for His mercy
army praise the Lord for His mercy endures forever when they began to sing
endures forever when they began to sing
endures forever when they began to sing and to praise the Lord set ambushes
and to praise the Lord set ambushes
and to praise the Lord set ambushes against the people of Ammon Moab and
against the people of Ammon Moab and
against the people of Ammon Moab and Mount Seir who had come against Judah
Mount Seir who had come against Judah
Mount Seir who had come against Judah and they were defeated for the people of
and they were defeated for the people of
and they were defeated for the people of Ammon and Moab stood up against the
Ammon and Moab stood up against the
Ammon and Moab stood up against the inhabitants of Mount Seir to utterly
inhabitants of Mount Seir to utterly
inhabitants of Mount Seir to utterly kill and destroy them and when they had
kill and destroy them and when they had
kill and destroy them and when they had made an end of
made an end of
made an end of inhabitants of SIA they helped to
inhabitants of SIA they helped to
inhabitants of SIA they helped to destroy one another so when Judah came
destroy one another so when Judah came
destroy one another so when Judah came to a place overlooking the wilderness
to a place overlooking the wilderness
to a place overlooking the wilderness they looked toward the multitude and
they looked toward the multitude and
they looked toward the multitude and there were their dead bodies fallen on
there were their dead bodies fallen on
there were their dead bodies fallen on the earth no one had escaped when
the earth no one had escaped when
the earth no one had escaped when Jehoshaphat and his people came to take
Jehoshaphat and his people came to take
Jehoshaphat and his people came to take away their spoil they found among them
away their spoil they found among them
away their spoil they found among them and abundance of valuables on the dead
and abundance of valuables on the dead
and abundance of valuables on the dead bodies and precious jewelry which they
bodies and precious jewelry which they
bodies and precious jewelry which they stripped off for themselves more than
stripped off for themselves more than
stripped off for themselves more than they could carry away and they were
they could carry away and they were
they could carry away and they were three days gathering the spoil because
three days gathering the spoil because
three days gathering the spoil because there was so much and on the fourth day
there was so much and on the fourth day
there was so much and on the fourth day they assembled in the valley of Baraka
they assembled in the valley of Baraka
they assembled in the valley of Baraka for there they blessed the Lord
for there they blessed the Lord
for there they blessed the Lord therefore the name of that place was
therefore the name of that place was
therefore the name of that place was called the valley of Baraka until this
called the valley of Baraka until this
called the valley of Baraka until this day then they returned every man of
day then they returned every man of
day then they returned every man of Judah and Jerusalem with Jehoshaphat in
Judah and Jerusalem with Jehoshaphat in
Judah and Jerusalem with Jehoshaphat in front of them to go back to Jerusalem
front of them to go back to Jerusalem
front of them to go back to Jerusalem with joy for the Lord had made them
with joy for the Lord had made them
with joy for the Lord had made them rejoice over their enemies so they came
rejoice over their enemies so they came
rejoice over their enemies so they came to Jerusalem with stringed instruments
to Jerusalem with stringed instruments
to Jerusalem with stringed instruments and harps and trumpets to the house of
and harps and trumpets to the house of
and harps and trumpets to the house of the Lord and the fear of God was on all
the Lord and the fear of God was on all
the Lord and the fear of God was on all the kingdoms of those countries when
the kingdoms of those countries when
the kingdoms of those countries when they heard that the Lord had fought
they heard that the Lord had fought
they heard that the Lord had fought against the enemies of Israel then the
against the enemies of Israel then the
against the enemies of Israel then the realm of Jehoshaphat was quiet for his
realm of Jehoshaphat was quiet for his
realm of Jehoshaphat was quiet for his God gave him rest all around so
God gave him rest all around so
God gave him rest all around so Jehoshaphat was king over Judah
Jehoshaphat was king over Judah
Jehoshaphat was king over Judah he was 35 years old when he became King
he was 35 years old when he became King
he was 35 years old when he became King and he reigned 25 years in Jerusalem his
and he reigned 25 years in Jerusalem his
and he reigned 25 years in Jerusalem his mother's name was a Zuba the daughter of
mother's name was a Zuba the daughter of
mother's name was a Zuba the daughter of shill hi and he walked in the way of his
shill hi and he walked in the way of his
shill hi and he walked in the way of his father a sir and did not turn aside from
father a sir and did not turn aside from
father a sir and did not turn aside from it doing what was right in the sight of
it doing what was right in the sight of
it doing what was right in the sight of the Lord
the Lord
the Lord nevertheless the high places were not
nevertheless the high places were not
nevertheless the high places were not taken away for as yet the people had not
taken away for as yet the people had not
taken away for as yet the people had not directed their hearts to the god of
directed their hearts to the god of
directed their hearts to the god of their fathers now the rest of the acts
their fathers now the rest of the acts
their fathers now the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat first and last indeed
of Jehoshaphat first and last indeed
of Jehoshaphat first and last indeed they are written in the book of G Hugh
they are written in the book of G Hugh
they are written in the book of G Hugh the son of Hanina which is mentioned in
the son of Hanina which is mentioned in
the son of Hanina which is mentioned in the book of the kings of Israel after
the book of the kings of Israel after
the book of the kings of Israel after this Jehoshaphat king of Judah allied
this Jehoshaphat king of Judah allied
this Jehoshaphat king of Judah allied himself with a hosea king of Israel who
himself with a hosea king of Israel who
himself with a hosea king of Israel who acted very wickedly and he elide himself
acted very wickedly and he elide himself
acted very wickedly and he elide himself with him to make ships to go to Tarshish
with him to make ships to go to Tarshish
with him to make ships to go to Tarshish and they made the ships in easy and kiba
and they made the ships in easy and kiba
and they made the ships in easy and kiba but Eleazar the son of DA Dava of
but Eleazar the son of DA Dava of
but Eleazar the son of DA Dava of Marisha prophesied against Jehoshaphat
Marisha prophesied against Jehoshaphat
Marisha prophesied against Jehoshaphat because you have allied yourself with a
because you have allied yourself with a
because you have allied yourself with a Hosea the Lord has destroyed your works
Hosea the Lord has destroyed your works
Hosea the Lord has destroyed your works then the ships were wrecked so that they
then the ships were wrecked so that they
then the ships were wrecked so that they were not able to go to Tarshish